Xiao Wuji
Is what I said before not clear enough?
Don't show up here again
Can chase all the way from the airport to the office
Are you still shameless?
You are so entangled with our Mu Yan
It is nothing more than coveting the power of the Zhao family
A soft guy like you is disgusting
Come on, you're getting out by yourself
Or should I call security to kick you out?
Beauty
You rejected me because of him
Xiaowuji
There is no need for innocence in the adult world
What I, Zhao Muyan, need
It is one that can help the Zhao family get out of trouble
The man who lifted me to the clouds
No matter who this person is
But he's certainly not you.
How can you be so sure it won't be me?
Star Entertainment and those big brands are looking for you to sign contracts.
Yes, I mean it.
And my strength
It's much more than that.
Xiao Wuji, are you still shameless?
These resources were clearly given to Mu Yan by Wang Shao
You are powerless
Still talking wildly here
Grandstanding villains like you
He should be trampled under his feet
Yes, my Wang family is the head of the four major families
Business is all over the place.
As long as I speak
Those groups and entertainment companies are naturally unwilling and powerless
Humph
It's just the stubbornness of the father's voice
You need to know
All your father gave was background
What you fight is the country
In front of me
Not qualified Xiao Wu Xing
You are enough gentlemen
Look at you now.
Just a villain who directs the battle of words
Even if there was anything between us
5 million enough for me
The feelings between us?
I don't want to see you again.
Mo Yan
I think you are the unintentional eye
I promise you.
I, Xiao Wuci, am the one for you